okay all right we're recording this is
the ipfs All Hands call for Monday
November 20th 2017
and we have 21 people on right now and
to begin with or to me if you have any
agenda items we already have a couple go
ahead and Adam looks like we have four
demos alright so we might have to UM
pine box people's demos but it's great
to have so many demos happening this
week Oh is there if there's anybody new
who wants to say hi uh is anyone
interested in saying hi if you unmute
your microphone and let me know can you
hear me yeah go ahead and say hi hello
my name is stanislav I come from Poland
I recently came up with this little
project which is called a miracle share
it's a basic base to be known ipfs it
works pretty well because it's very
simple it encrypts your data if you want
it to and it's got some basic
functionality I'd like to share with you
if you if you if you want to spare the
time cool did you do is that already
listed in the demo sir is that another
demo yeah yeah it's the fourth merkel
ship merkel sure okay great yeah I think
we'll have we'll be able to make sense
we don't have a ton of very short so it
shouldn't be difficult great and go
ahead oh you already have the link to
the github great perfect anyone else
want to say hi any other anyone new have
not been around for a while say hi my
name is Rico I'm part of the query team
with Brendan just in case new face for
anybody okay welcome Rico alright last
chance for anyone to say who want to say
hi you don't have to but you're welcome
to okay all right well then let's jump
into the agenda all right so first item
Oh remember to put your name on the on
your agenda so we know who's who looks
like to be I has some improvement this
print talker
just out of my name the ones I Jenna so
just quick note on sprint helper I just
saw that sprint helper right now he's
posting the time I was like 4 p.m. UTC
which I think mislead some people I see
like there's a comment here from Ross
Jack Ross Jack that thought that a lens
was 1 hour ago and I'm not entirely sure
how to applet sprint helper or where it
calls for it is so if anyone knows or if
anyone is already responsible for
managing it they could check what is
going on and if we need to do any thing
any mineral think about it I can I can
help with that I know how to fix it last
time there's no maintainer for it so
it's just like sitting there doing and
you like I said Jim and I could just
change the value or something you just
all you have to do is edit the value in
the github repo and it because it's
pulling from the github repo when it
posts the info so you just have to
change the infamous pulling from oh
that's perfectly okay that's was easier
than I expected
yeah I don't think you have to like
redeploy anything or restart any box or
anything it just keeps moving forward
all right you next item upcoming James
ipfs release yeah
so I just opened the issue for the next
release objective s and as usual I
always created a very long issue lots of
highlights probably there is even more
than what I have already listed so if I
missed something please do let me know
but also please do like check out the
issue there is performance improvements
there's like Windows support there is
more tests coming more features coming a
new streaming API which I think a lot of
people will love because they can now
pick to use the streaming library today
love if it's readable streams or full
streams or even not using
screaming labor at all so that was like
a huge paper a huge pain point for some
of our users and I do hope it's not
anymore there's like progress for like
there's a bunch of stuff so yeah I
invite everyone to get clone the repo
like check out master npm install an NPM
link to any of your projects and just
like if you could run your test suite
against your project with the latest
recipe fest and tell me there's a couple
breaking changes what one is win the
streaming API that this is not commented
the other one is with the pub/sub
message we basically don't just respect
the proper formats and it's a change
from topic CID to topic ID and it
doesn't augment it on the issue but if
you find more if you find more things
that like I'm not working for you that
we're working with the fewest release
please do let me know we want to make
sure that it is a smooth transition that
everyone understands what it's changing
why this changing and that everyone has
the full context and yeah so we are in
order to really do the release we have
just like one PRA left which is going to
add some inter probability tests for
pub/sub to avoid having breaking changes
in the future
as we have for other things like this
whap and so on and once that PR lens
then we will do the normal cycle of just
announcing on reddit on Twitter and like
telling everyone on IRC saying hey like
in two days you're going to release this
thing if you find any problem please
tell us now otherwise we were just like
ship it and then the whole world will
have access to just a difference
any questions or any remarks then posit
I have a question with the progress bars
and in chance those progress bars would
also make it possible to have a progress
bar when you're using a pinning service
uh yeah yeah so like is append yet is
something that I would love to have a
progress bar before so yeah yeah it's
something that he's like so these
progress bars for ipfs files are ads but
yes like the the same thing that's doing
the progress bar for adding files should
be also word for pinning so it's not
progress bar for transfers yeah it's all
progress bar for transfers it is it
works with just because API so you can
use it against go it's the same thing at
go uses to give you the progress bar
when you do an IPS ad and so we have now
that in Jessica's we haven't talked
about having that feature to pinning but
I don't see why not like it is something
that I yeah definitely saw or
participated in a couple conversations
that people wanted to know if things
were pinned or not so we should consider
it symmetry for you set for transfers
and for adding files through the API
there should be you should be getting
progress report about that for peanuts
that itself again any other questions or
things about the surface release yeah
quick question we in Ingo ipfs we just
change or any change that when you
subscribe the API first serves you an
empty pops up message to make the HTTP
connection flush and we're currently
working on removing this again because
the flushing now works properly without
sending that stupid message and do you
yeah just a heads up maybe you need to
like also do this in J's ipfs to keep
compatibility
so yeah I saw thank you for taking me on
that issue I saw the comments and to be
honest like I never knew that that was
happening on go FS so I actually don't
know why it worked flawlessly in just
like the FS API with the same test like
we didn't make any change so yeah I need
to test see if there is actually any
difference for the API client my guess
is that like since you're sending just
like a new message it is trying to to
get the parameter like from message it
and so on and like since it doesn't have
the properties they're just like ignores
it so so yeah let me try to understand
better why it was never a problem for us
and get back to you all right perfect
thanks one more note on the pinning
progress bar Matt and everyone like so
we have this repo interface IP FS core
it has the interface name on it because
it's the interface that we create a spec
for it and create tests to make sure
that implementations are compliant with
and so we have been using it to
communicate a KPI changes or API
upgrades it is a good way to get
examples for our API work but also it's
a good way to propose new additions
right so if you want a progress bar for
the pinging service and I can issue
myself as well not like that I know it's
important but like anything else that
comes to mind definitely open an issue
there like if you know that someone is
trying to do something and they cannot
because it's missing something
definitely encourage them also to add
that question because it helps us a lot
to understand how people are using these
api's for
cool thank you
and the next items you also alright so
yeah I open any human iPS notes and it
is it is just like a starting point from
a starting point on github that follows
many conversations that we have amongst
ourselves either crucem calls or in
person or true IRC and also by like
following what a lot of people in the GS
community are now working on essentially
like the ipfs ecosystem is growing a lot
we have a lot of pieces we have a lot of
modules every single module hasn't read
me every single module as attest to it
every single module as its own API and
the more your system grows the harder it
becomes to have the complete context of
how that module fits with all the other
pieces and because most of that context
is actually right now in maybe a couple
three four people tops inside the
profess community we become extremely
dependent on them like there is a lot of
things that for example me or Jamie you
have to review in jazz or go and and
like if we don't review like the things
just don't yet merged and sometimes it
doesn't have to be that way if it's
something that's like a completely
breaking change then like yes we should
be present alright with someone with the
entire context should be present but we
should have the tools to enable people
to add small features or additions fixed
documentation and so on and so that
issue is basically collating a lot of
ideas from other open-source projects
creating a place for us to discuss from
our experience what are the biggest pain
points and try to come up with a
solution together with a framework where
we can like create a standard of like
this golden standard for our modules
that will enable anyone to take
responsibility over a piece of the
puzzle that will enable anyone to I do a
patch really do a minor release without
being afraid of like breaking
in this way like the let's say the
top-level maintainer is the people that
like pulled the glue on their heads
about all the pieces are pieced together
just need to be present when the
discussion really requires react attack
showing some large piece of the puzzle
and not just maintaining a tiny pieces
there are things like somatic really
things like just having 100 percent
coverage test coverage so that like a
you know every time someone submits a
patch they just have to do a little bit
of effort to make sure that everything
still stays in place and that's like the
attach not going to break the code
somewhere else there's things that we
can do in CI and like linting and so on
some of the things we already do but
they are not very explicit it's more ok
we just have it because we felt but I
feel like if we have this discussion we
can then convert that to something very
useful that goes into the contributing
guidelines that's everyone in the
community can use to help maintain all
these all these modules we create so
yeah the issue is linked please go check
it out and yeah let's try to start there
and I know if we have to have a call
about that let's do it if we have to
have a breathing group or working group
let's do it but but yeah this is very
important cool thank you any questions
about that
ok next generator it's Jerry
one second
to gender Adam it's us gonna pay for the
0 4 1 3 release oh yeah okay thanks Lars
yeah so we released a another I give us
release after a 4:12 because we
discovered a couple issues in one issue
was in the experimental data store thing
we're trying out badgered and that's
been fixed so you wouldn't have been
affected by that unless you were trying
that out and the other was a issue where
if you were pinning and you cancelled
the pin in some way it could cause a
hang in your daemon and so we fixed that
was just - those two changes but we
figured it was important enough to push
out quickly so update let me know if
anything is feeling weird and we'll keep
moving
thanks Jeremy it looks like my doorbell
is ringing so I'll run down uh Brendon
can you start with the query demo and
hope you're that sure yeah so I never
near me okay
yeah okay cool yeah so we're hoping to
demo I think we've been working on for a
number of years now but we I work at
query as along with Rico and KC we're
both on this call but yeah I'm gonna
share my screen really quick and we'll
talk to sort of what it isn't all to
keep it nice and light if someone wants
to interrupt me if this is running let
me know but yeah so we've been working
for a long time on trying to do a better
version of open data and a lot while ago
I met that's more than we got talking
about distributed web and it had a
pretty deep impact on our whole thing
and so we've written a white paper sort
of explaining how we're hoping to build
a we're using lip p2p and ipfs pretty
extensive actually exclusively to do
links distributed data that works like a
database in place but it's inside out
meaning you can query it query the data
in place based on whatever data format
it is whether it be a CSV file or a
Excel document or txt file so we're also
very interested in having this be
accessible and really palatable to
regular normal people in the real world
who don't have command-line knowledge so
we should be electronic which is this
guy and this thing as it's running is
actually running an IP FS node under the
hood I have a whole thing and as you can
see we have a number of options here
basically we have a list of data sets
these result data sets on my machine
this check effectively to this land
means that it spins to an IPF s node
locally running a p2p peer connection
and I can actually see the number of
beers okay see it's currently online I
can see her in a sense this is her ipfs
your ID and we can I can sort of go to
here and say hey I want to look
this beast hyssop that she has there's
no description or anything and I meet
you I can hit ad oh and it didn't work
but when it works it's great oh it's
because I already had this cassette
named chickadee anyways from that era I
can go over to actually querying from
data I can do select name appearances
comics and so this is a comic status
that I already have sort of running
locally and what this is gonna do is
this is actually gonna go grab all of
that data from it's gonna parse it run
it and the output of this is also a
dataset which is now a candidate for
being on ipfs I can then chart it really
quickly
cool most popular parents was Bruce
wayne/batman from this comic desk list
and more importantly we've the white
paper sort of goes into this in great
detail but every query we go to great
lengths to try and make sure that every
single query collides as much as
possible where the hashes will match so
rerunning from this query the second
time actually does not generate new data
we have checked we checked that query as
it's been inputted we resolved that to a
hash we put that hash on ipfs and we
check to see if that hash already exists
and points to a data set and if it does
then we can just turn you back to
results so if you can imagine if this
was a calculation it took like 24 hours
to do while now we can just sort of
stream and answer instead of running the
calculation again we also can naturally
collide along a number of other
dimensions including the structure of
the data we also generate you know
everything that you would expect from
did set that is living in a hash based
or histories of data sets we can
actually track every change over time
we have an associative metadata model if
you can see and all of these things are
actually just straight-up ipfs objects
living on the network and so yeah as we
see we just pack everything in this is
the actual raw data that we create
against this is the data set definition
this is
an abstract query which is we've taken
the query all the semantic information
about the query we have worked it out
and then we've ordered the keys by
automatically and this hash of this
object is intended to collide with
anything else that shares this structure
which will then show interoperability
between those datasets same thing with
the query itself we actually write this
is the hash of the Akshat query which is
the query written into a generalized
form and then this we refer to it as a
comics and this is the hash of that
dataset itself and this was the syntax
SQL query yeah and so we've lost a
pretty interested in like being able to
make it easy to add and removed it at
ipfs so our addition system is pretty
straightforward if I can find the button
there we go
simply just dropping a CSV file in here
and we can infer the structure of that
CSV file
checking on ipfs for you distributed
yeah it's kind of the whirlwind tour of
the whole thing but I looked it they
gave more time for questions if anybody
has them there's a whole bunch of stuff
that this sort of points to we're really
excited about IP LD we're really excited
about semantic chunking so that we can
break up CSV files along things along
proper rows which would then open up the
realm of distributed computation
distributed querying which would be an
exciting notion but generally I think
that you know in our time working at the
data rescue movement and trying to
understand what our hives look like on
the distributed web we think that this
permanent link data structure is or is a
magnitude more interesting than anything
else you'd see in the world of link data
we're pretty obsessed with making this
frictionless as possible it's all
completely open-source together github
repo that it's linked from that website
and that's kind of where we're at any
questions yeah so this is pretty cool
and you already like answer it two of my
questions now so thank you so much for
the demo and yes super exciting like I
saw that you are having the the query
itself to an IP FS object that mean that
like any of those electron nodes can
fetch the query from where that's
working like run it locally to prove
that the bid transformation is the same
absolutely not only that we can you can
use that for Davison exchange our
version of demo for some reason isn't
working I think it's imposing namespace
collision but yeah you can actually the
whole point is to be able to search and
get data from other peers without any
interruption and so we're using the p2p
for that when we basically just add one
protocol layer on top of the IP FSM it's
cool so ideally you should be able to
create a pipeline right so you have the
original that I said like we kind of
like use these transformations language
you not kill deal and like we have the
the query which is a transformation and
it gives you a new data set and you
notice that doesn't even have to exist
until you actually need like all the
transformations to be applying yeah yeah
so normally that takes me like 20
minutes to get to that point but yeah
that's the hope is to be able to as data
changes whether it meets you you you
sense a change to tip automatically
rerun a number of queries that are
joining tables together and so you can
sort of do hey you know your stock
market data came out and let's calculate
the GDP of Africa and that's sort of
what we're hoping for awesome yeah I'm
interested in knowing like what are the
next steps like what is this if anything
is walking you right now like if you
need anything from IPL do and to be
ready to be shipped in order for you to
continue adding progress I mean more
than anything we've just been working
our butts off to try and get this thing
of function now and then really hoping
to turn around and do the IP LTI
integration and then work on take a good
look at chunker's support a couple of
new file formats that's really what
we're excited about we have two the
biggest thing we really need to get into
place into query is some sort of either
DHT or C or allow coordination of who
has what datasets that's the one thing
that's critically missing right now but
then repost can sort of locally figure
out what hash does they have and they
can share their hash to each other but
we don't have a canonical list and
that's something that we need to sort of
sort through interesting so you mean I
can mean taxing systems like will enable
you to just coordinate that very
efficiently and very quickly okay okay
yeah we're very much looking forward to
sort of contributing in both directions
if we can sort of help
i PFS groan we've intentionally picked
an electron app because we're planning
on running auto-update which will
automatically keep everybody running the
latest version of IP FSM but and so
we're hoping that as users grab this
stuff and scale this thing we can
hopefully keep everybody running the
latest versions of of ipfs under that
suite
yeah like super interested in like like
seeing this develop and like helping you
succeed and if you want to have more
conversations about IP LD and now you
can transform it CSV into something else
and then how to use like built-in
transformations or essentially help us
figure out how to describe what a
liability transmission is so that is
usable for your use case and like we can
then explain to other use cases right
now I creating that step where we need
more use cases for these things so that
we can figure out the language whether
that be super exciting my hope actually
is the turnaround benefits ability is to
be able to run SQL queries on the IP LD
graph itself which I think we can
actually do given the way that we've
architected our side of the things we
need we need we need to do a long deep
dive on IPL to you I'm very much looking
forward to but yeah super excited yeah
cool thank you thank you anybody else
any questions thank you very much all
right we've got three more short demo
looks like so that's good to forest next
with my chiefest metrics David I'm
Forrest I've been working on an IPF
Netflix year for a couple weeks and I
just wanted to give a brief demo to show
how to use them I worked on this a
little bit last week so it'll be kind of
brief um but let's share my screen can
you all see that okay may see the other
there we go yep empty doesn't okay ah no
it should be my VM let Stephanie make
wave and a couple of icons
if you know this that's good now yeah
through three three terminal screens
okay cool so this is a combination of
using docker compose and then a binary
route and go
so in the directory there is docker you
can start that with docker compose as
I've already done up here and then you
can start it with the electric start and
this starts a daemon that you can
communicate with below here on this
bottom terminal you can add different
daemon GI running so I already have my
ipfs daemon running here and I have a
couple more running in interplanetary
desk that from Y so if I start this up
you can see that it's going to start
writing the event metrics that come from
an idea of a stand-in to influx DB that
we can then view in graph on ax so if we
want we can add a couple more down here
and right now we just add them based on
their there is UTP endpoint where you
can get the different marks from all the
couples so that we actually get some
good data in here so right now I got it
four nodes to the collection and then
you can list them and you can see what
notes you have you can also specify to
add tags of your own to the event log so
in this case I've Auto added you know
that you tagged to all of the event logs
that come from each node so when you hop
over here you can view them in Ravana
and I need to work on adding more event
logs make this a little bit more useful
but this is essentially a breakdown of
the performance of different DHT calls
and their durations you can see down
below here it's a little bit tiny but
the node ID is at at each of the events
and then we can look at these events in
isolation if we want hasn't been running
for a long time right now so there's not
going to be a lot of data here but the
goal is to eventually build these up and
give us more metrics on the different
systems and ipfs and what events are
taking longer and hopefully add some
type of annotation figure fauna which is
where you can set a mark point on the
graph and say point here is when the add
command was ran and then point gears
when the
at command finished yeah this is the
demon process running right here if you
want to remove nodes you can do that
using the remove command and you just
specify what note you added and then you
can listen removed
it's very crude right now and I've done
it building this out a little bit more
this week but I'm looking for
suggestions on what could make this more
useful for everyone I know that I gave
us cluster could maybe you get some use
out of this seen us there's a lot of
notes that they want to click metrics on
but yeah I can leave this open for
questions if anyone has any or
suggestions on what can make this more
useful like if you and I could stop
saying the screen so that you can see
everyone maybe it's easier yes currently
trying to figure out how to cool thank
you for the demo and awesome progress
and I am interested to know if you are
like designing that throwing tool like
very tied to go ipfs or if there is a
plan to make it agnostic so that we can
have those graphs being generated for
the multiple implementations of my PFS
the way it works right now is I just
listen on the API endpoint which is like
slash API v0k log so if jsap FSU's does
that then it should be able to work with
that and I'm not completely sure this is
the correct direction to go in I think
it's a it's been easier to add and
remove notes that was my goal is to make
it just one or two commands so that you
could spend metrics and take them down
without editing configuration files elk
is another thing I've looked at but that
requires adding and IP of us node to the
log stash telling it to look at the
endpoint restarting log stash and it's
just a little bit more clunky and I
wanted to make this smooth but yes the
plan is for this to work with all
implementations of ipfs they use the
same HTTP API right now we do have some
of those endpoints and indeed like we
already have some graphs being generated
with the same code base that was being
used for metrics for ipfs so I think we
can do it
and yeah it
will help me to know which allows I have
to give you if you tell me like what
Caiaphas is doing but if you have any
kind of like way of describing where you
want the log slapping like before and
after calls etc then I can give you the
exact same move out so that you can
measure the other challenge there or
like probably a more different challenge
is doing the same for browser notes so
spawning Firefox nodes criminal Safari
and so on and getting the same type of
information it's going to be different
right like we can always have a proxy so
that you can steal it an HTTP point and
get it information but it should be
different nevertheless it will be very
interesting to know as well okay yeah I
can talk to you more offline about what
can make it easier to get those two yeah
it's cool first where can people make
suggestions of how this would be useful
or what kind of metrics they want I've
created a repo on ipfs slash ipfs
metrics so anything there to open up an
issue I can take a look at it there I'll
be working on it all this week or you
can just ping me on slack or IRC it's
frist on IRC and force Weston on it's
like I recommend also posting on disk
discourse oh yes soliciting ideas from
people who might be on there but not
watching this call okay
yeah absolutely all right any other
questions for forests okay
the next demo is for magic 6k do we have
I just this is that Lucas
after all
mic is broken okay so
sure we want the Demoman hey of course
good stuff okay so here goes nothing
it's my first time presenting anything
like this on a go but let's just see how
it goes okay can you see my screen it
shows a chat currently you zoom group
chat also alright so let's go to console
I will be presenting the demo of my
little Python project which is an IP FS
based based bin you can just out from
pip oh yeah I want the user installation
all right there if you run merkel share
with merge like that like so it will
just tell you to run the right BFS Damon
because right now the Python
implementation of ipfs is not ready but
I hope it will change in the future
personally I'm currently participating
in IPL d-dog for python but yeah let's
do some uploads and show you how it
works so the most simple type of upload
you can do is to just pipe it anything
you like tumor tumor all right I use the
you can see that I use the a option
which basically shows you any any user
boot type of link really you go like a
regular EPF a sling an HTTP gateway link
local gateway link and then there's also
the cache
so let's visit the the OPF sao gateway
Oh what do you know it shows hello okay
another thing encryption so if you want
to encrypt something so that no one can
see it you just use the e flag and then
there's this little piece of garbage
appended to the link it is a randomly
generated key that uses Fernet
encryption from the cryptography python
module what it does is it lets you use
merge to decrypt it because the secret
is present only this link and not
anywhere else which gives you some
safety to just you know grab a link and
send it to a friend also who's also get
merkel sure i've got there's also the
use case where they don't have merkel
share or ipfs altogether but we're gonna
go to that in a moment okay here we see
the decrypted content if we try to if we
try to visit the link without without
they the the key you will see just
garbage like like this and that's what I
had in mind it also kind of breaks i PF
s as determinism of hashes but on the
other hand it gives you the extra
privacy of of your content not being
recognizable on the network um okay now
what if what if your what if your what
if your friend let's say they don't have
a ipfs and you can use the GUI i the
little web UI i i wrote and still get
the benefit of encryption without having
to force anyone to install anything at
all you just go - gee
this is super secret stuff awesome so
yeah you get this link the only
difference here is that it's got this
little web UI called prefix it just lets
me know that this link is meant for jus
for the web UI and not for the console
so that it doesn't fail when trying to
decrypt against I can show you what it
does and it's received such a link
yeah web UI download for command line is
not supported yet Oh a typo here but
okay let's go let's go see what the GUI
looks like okay yeah here it is
well there's nothing not much really but
Mirko sure is not meant to to be complex
really and it's meant to serve ordinary
people who just want to get the taste of
the distributed web so I suppose it's
it's rational to do to have it built
that way there's an IP FS link and then
a little forum github ribbon the ipfs
website as seen here
I can copy to clipboard it shows copied
for two seconds then it can just go it
by sits in you can see that there's this
this is super secret stuff written here
all right is there maybe anything else
okay yeah right if I cover that so I'm
there's like maybe three plant features
I've got that is built in clip or
supports so that the linkage choose will
get copied to the cube copied to the
clipboard right away without using
anything like X clip or opening with xdg
open it might just come in handy I think
then when pure Python ipfs
implementation is ready I would like to
use it to support marco share so that
people don't have to run the ipfs daemon
and asked so there's this little bag
where I can I'm not able to
put non utf8 non eunuch aid non Unicode
content on the web UI I would tend to it
in in in the future having it it's like
the highest priority for me like now but
I obviously as if all things you simply
have to find the time to do those things
okay I think this concludes my little
demo if you've got any questions I'd be
happy to answer them so that's really
great thank you
did anyone have any questions I haven't
I had one question if you are not using
the GUI feature when you've added the
content is is so where your example was
just the text hello but is it just
adding that content or is it wrapping it
in something that would allow it to just
be displayed using GUI oh yeah so I'm
when you visit my repo repository I got
this little motto which says like you
know it's like it said distributed ipfs
based bean which is similar to scrunch
dot us sperm so to us it's like a paste
bin that is accessible from curl and you
know I really like to want it to mimic
that in the way that you can basically
pipe anything and once you like curl
maybe the the Gateway you can receive
the content without any wrappers I mean
the web UI is completely optional but if
you want to just curl the raw content
where you need to either have merkel
share installed or or resign from using
the encryption features one thing you
might wanna I just wanted to say that
this product is just really simple and
I'm not even too much into Python but
it's it's really encouraging to hear you
guys be into it that much yeah it's very
cool one thing you could think about
doing next is
penny so that so that then I can I can
add something to to Merkel shatter and
then pin it somewhere and close my
laptop and it'll still be available for
the people who are shared it with yeah
that's a good point I thought about
maybe using a VPS server for you know
for holding that for keeping the the
files up but you know maybe just
focusing on the encrypted upload so that
people can feel more safe about using it
yeah cool
thank you there no other questions Luke
this did you get your your microphone
working yes with you should I start yes
please
screen okay do you see this yeah okay so
what did this it's I just or
interplanetary get service and the goal
is to have github we built github
currently it can display IP all the kids
trees and some more stuff so you get you
push this with the kids I peel the
remote cover a work area I ain't if you
just put the comic hush up here you get
a repo which looks kind of familiar
probably to some other service and yeah
you get the tree and can you treat me
you can be far
you can be fires it works you can go
into the trees and view another files
deeper yeah you can you commit lists you
can be more comets you can become it's
you shows that deep commit and yeah it
works on Jays IP of us using the deck
API so it's IP LD and yeah my long-term
goal for this is to have some more like
github functionality like issues for
requests and stuff like that ah yeah and
that's pretty much it just a little kids
have like think and Jays idea house and
I building yay my question was are you
reading so when you're browsing through
the tree and showing gifts and things
are you running those directly against
the git repo or are you caching stuff
into a database and it's actually
running on the rogue its data using IP
OD so there's no cuz database anywhere
it's kinda painful for some things I
mean like probably hardest thing to
implement is going to be good blame
which I don't really imagine
implementing as of now yeah but the rest
is kind of kind of simple actually to do
so since the get I peeled II stuff
includes the light sort of failover
lookup of checking against github does
that mean if I was using if I was using
a GIS I could point it at a git repo
that is currently on github and I would
be able to use all these features to
browse through it and it would just be
using IP LD to resolve this stuff over
IP FS in that field
where's the shine is it I'm not really
sure what you mean yeah so I think what
Matt means is whether this can be used
as an alternative you I forget up and
it's it's it's all on thing like you
push your you use ipfs as a remote in
your local get repo you push stuff to it
and what you get is a hash and that's
what you use this is to with 3d yeah
basically it the goal is to have to be
able to collaborate on code without
github without an entire service nice I
remember a project that in Caswell did
like maybe five years ago before our I
things like service workers all right
defense and many other things were
around and it was the full key protocol
implemented in JavaScript so that it
could work as a Chrome application and
so you could have an editor like edit
code on the browser and like just push
commits the right way and so on and so
with this like basically what you're
saying is just now it's more than just
like a chrome app you can actually have
a chrome just a regular web page
fetching data from get up through the
HTTP link manipulated share with your
friends maybe even like work on code
collaboratively because you're gonna put
something charities and I can't let me
edit ER for everyone and then when
you're ready you just like push it back
to somewhere can be ifs can be keyed up
again can be any other remote super goal
wonder if we should use to push food
having versioning natively supported in
browsers just as like a as a native API
method like a diversion snapshot a web
page
yes sir any JavaScript developer could
just call that native function like take
a version snapshot give it a hash
yeah yeah yeah and yeah I wonder if it
plays nicely with a cache API so now
there is the KPI in browsers it is
accessible to service workers and like
even the normal regular page the window
object and it it is very good at
catching like requests like so it's very
good that like just in their sending
that you are requesting the same thing
and just giving you the response back so
that the browser then does the job of
building the rest of the webpage and if
we can make those caches the ipfs
objects then then yeah and we can use
the cash that's friends next to us and
just fetch it to our machine in the
world webpage super powerful have a
quite another question on the good thing
um when I when I push to the IP LD
remote do I get a new way I get a new IP
LD hash or how does it work do I get a
new IP LDH every time I push that size
or commit even it's no that's my
question
yeah that's currently case I'm working
on a new remote helper which will work
on IP NS and will give you the ability
to have one hash for IP honest and that
will point to just the hashes which
change from my building
nice nice but yeah honestly it does
change okay because I am also active in
the SSB community and they have like we
have like a gate SSB and it's it hub and
we have distribution through the piece
of planning why that's a different
discussion
does it also change
if you if you just push the same commit
if not if the data didn't change no it
does it it's the hashes actually they
get hash in that yeah right right thank
you wonderful that's super exciting I
think that's the end of today's call
we've gotten through all these great
demos thank you everyone for doing nice
work
does anyone need any final things to
fall out questions oh well I just wanted
to mention well small thing and more of
a question really I wanted to ask um
have you guys heard of Althea oh yeah so
yeah well I think I'll be getting in
touch with the people who are
implementing it and I'll try to I try to
I try to do it so that IBM s support
comes to Althea as soon as possible and
I wanted just to give the shout a shout
out to the project so that maybe few
more people could get interested and
I'll bring it bring it up and that's all
pretty much really add the link to it
great so um here's some community and
then that's and then a link to the whole
thing
alright it's basically like a mesh
network that is meant to run on a 802.11
ad hoc networks so it's pretty nice
because it uses existing infrastructure
and pretty much nearly all dong or Wi-Fi
don't do so capable of using at work
networks or forming networks so yeah
that's what I wanted to say
awesome thank you yeah make sure to add
those links into the the notes in the
notepad so they'll get into the github
repo because then once we close this
window the chat stuff from the chat gets
thrown away all right
I'm gonna paste it in thank you all
right anyone any other final things we
should clear out for the day okay thank
you everyone thank you are mine
bye Thanks all right great do we get one